Document the python/proofreaders team (#1229)
python/devguide: documentation/help-documenting.rst

section containing multiple problems; instead, file several issues so that it
is easier to break the work up for multiple people and more efficient review.

For help with the finer points of English technical writing, mention the
`@python/proofreaders <https://github.com/orgs/python/teams/proofreaders>`__
team in your issue or pull request in any `@python <https://github.com/python/>`__
repo. If you'd like to join the team,
`open a core-workflow issue <https://github.com/python/core-workflow/issues/new/choose>`__
similar to

> `python/core-workflow#461 <https://github.com/python/core-workflow/issues/461>`__.

Reviewer: Instead of linking this specific issue, we should create a template like the [one for triagers](https://github.com/python/core-workflow/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=triage_membership.md&title=Request+for+Python+triage+membership%3A+name) and link to that.

Author: Good idea, would you like to create it? :)

Reviewer: Sure: 
* https://github.com/python/core-workflow/pull/514

> For help with the finer points of English technical writing, mention the
> `@python/proofreaders <https://github.com/orgs/python/teams/proofreaders>`__
> team in your issue or pull request in any `@python <https://github.com/python/>`__
> repo. If you'd like to join the team,
> `open a core-workflow issue <https://github.com/python/core-workflow/issues/new/choose>`__
> similar to
> `python/core-workflow#461 <https://github.com/python/core-workflow/issues/461>`__.
> 
> .. _issue tracker: https://github.com/python/cpython/issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For help with the finer points of English technical writing, mention the
`@python/proofreaders`_ team in your issue or pull request in any `@python`_ repo.
If you'd like to join the team, `open a core-workflow issue <proofreaders-issue>`_.

.. _issue tracker: https://github.com/python/cpython/issues
.. _@python/proofreaders: https://github.com/orgs/python/teams/proofreaders
.. _@python: https://github.com/python/
.. _proofreaders-issue: https://github.com/python/core-workflow/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=proofreader_membership.md&title=Request+for+Python+Proofreaders+team+membership%3A+name
```

I updated the link to the new template and moved it at the end together with the others.  I hope I got the syntax right :upside_down_face: 

I was also wondering if there are any restrictions for joining the group -- do people that send requests need to be already part of the `python` org (e.g. as triagers)? If so, we should mention that too.

Author: Good question, asked at https://github.com/python/devguide/issues/886#issuecomment-1820331651

Author: Answer:

> At the moment, there aren't any restrictions. (Of course, that might change if people start abusing this somehow.)

https://github.com/python/devguide/issues/886#issuecomment-1874954336

So nothing to mention right now.
